# Sports-APP
IDEA: This is a sports app. It will be just an app like coursera,udemy etc in sports format. Here we will give appropriate knowledge and training about the listed sports just like any academic app.     PERSPECTIVE: The main aim regarding this app is to grow the sports knowledge among the sports field aspirants.  FUNCTIONING: Firstly we will provide all the basic to advanced level information with the proper description of all the competitions and matches that are to be played in that sport . Then we will provide couches  videos  who will train the aspirants on daily basis in an online mode.    ADVANTAGE: This will help many young minds to participate in sports and they can also explore various career options as per their interests. It will also be beneficial to those aspirants who can not afford highly paid traning by couches. At least the will be able to learn the major skills and practice it on daily basis.    TECH STACK: Front end development- Bootstrap Framework(full stack) - Django , Node.js, play  Web servicers- nginx Languages- javascript Templating language- pug Databases – MySQL, Cassandra  Cloud storage- google cloud Cloud hosting- amazon aws Translation service- Transifex Mobile analytics- flurry analytics Search engine- Solr File uploading service- transloadit      DESCRIPTION: The app will first ask you to choose a language then it will provide you some of sports to pick your own interest among them.  Then the app will firstly provide the entire knowledge with some qualified players as an example for motivation about the respective sport . Then it will give information about all the competitions and matches and an overview of the entire career options in that sport in short how one can achieve success through it. Then on daily basis couches will give them training from zero to 10 level with the proper exercise and food diet that should be followed.   
